Ans. 1. Values- "hello" , -87.8 , 6

Expression- * , - , / , +


Ans. 2. A string is a data type that represents a sequence of characters,On the other hand Variables is a named storage location that holds a value.
Strings are enclosed within quotation marks.Variables can store different types of data, including strings, numbers, boolean values.Strings can contain letters, numbers, symbols, and spaces. 


 Ans. 3. Three types of data types are :-

  * Integer:-An integer is a data type used to represent whole numbers without any decimal points. It can be both positive and negative or zero.Eg.- 5,0,-14
  *Floating-Point Number:- A floating-point number, often referred to as a float or a double, is a data type used to represent numbers with decimal points. Eg. - 3.14, 2.05
  *Boolean:- A boolean is a data type that represents a binary value indicating either true or false. Booleans are commonly used for logical operations, comparisons, and conditional         branching. 


  Ans. 4. An expression is a combination of values, variables, operators, and functions that, when evaluated, produces a result. It can be thought of as a piece of code that represents a computation or a value.
         1. Evaluation:In the expression "2 + 3", the addition operator is applied to the values 2 and 3, resulting in the value 5.
         2 . Representation: Expressions represent computations or values in a concise and structured manner. They can include mathematical operations, logical conditions, comparisons, and more. 
         3 .Assignment: "x = 2 + 3" assigns the value 5 to the variable "x" by evaluating the expression "2 + 3".


Ans. 5. The key difference between expressions and statements lies in their primary purposes and the context in which they are used:

Expressions are primarily concerned with producing values or results when evaluated. Their main role is to represent computations and return a value.
Statements, on the other hand, are focused on performing actions, controlling program flow, and modifying the program state. They carry out operations, make decisions based on conditions, or repeat a block of code.
It's worth noting that in some programming languages, expressions can be used as statements, but not all statements can be used as expressions. For example, in Python, an expression like "spam = 10" is both an expression and a statement because it assigns the value 10 to the variable "spam" and also returns the assigned value as the result of the expression.

 
Ans. 6. bacon = 22
        bacon + 1

After running this code the variable bacon would still contain value 22



Ans. 7. "spam"+"spamspam"
        "spam"*3

The value for first term is spamspamspam

The value for second term is spamspamspam



Ans. 8. Variable names need to follow certain rules and conventions. Here are the reasons why eggs is a valid variable name while 100 is invalid:

Variable names can consist of letters (both uppercase and lowercase), digits (0-9), and underscores (_). However, they must start with a letter or an underscore. Variable names cannot start with a digit. This is because starting with a digit would cause ambiguity with numeric literals. 


Ans. 9. Integer :- print(int(5.5)) = 5
        Floating-point number :- print(float(5)) = 5.0
        string - print(str(5))= "5"


Ans. 10. "I have eaten" +  99  +  "burritos."
         This expression causes an error as str and int does not concatenate,can only concatenate str (not "int") to str.
         It can be fix by writting:-
         "I have eaten" +  " 99 " +  "burritos."

 





